Add sections on DataLad and WebDAV access in download chapter (#139)
dandi/handbook: docs/12_download.md

`dandi download https://dandiarchive.org/dandiset/000023/0.210914.1900/files?location=sub-541516760%2F`

### Download a specific file from a Dandiset
You can download a specific file from a Dandiset when the link for the specific file can be found on the DANDI web
application, e.g.:

`dandi download https://api.dandiarchive.org/api/dandisets/000023/versions/0.210914.1900/assets/1a93dc97-327d-4f9c-992d-c2149e7810ae/download/`

**Hint:** `dandi download` supports a number of resource identifiers to point to a Dandiset, folder, or file.  Providing
an incorrect URL (e.g. `dandi download wrongurl`) will provide a list of supported identifiers.

## Using DataLad

All dandisets are regularly mirrored to DataLad datasets which are made available from https://github.com/dandisets GitHub organization.
Where present, individual [Zarr](https://zarr.dev/) files are included as subdatasets ([git submodules](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules)) from the https://github.com/dandizarrs/ GitHub organization.

> Dandiset releases are tagged with Git tags and a history of modifications is available at the time intervals of execution of the mirroring job.

Author: if mentioning draft, I would like then to reorder...

```suggestion
The Git revision histories of each dataset reflect the Dandiset's draft state as of each execution of the mirroring job.
Published Dandiset versions are tagged with Git tags.
```

With DataLad you can
- clone the entire dataset,
- use a specific version of it,
- explore history of modifications,
- download content of the files of interest,
- drop the content of no longer needed files,
- use the dataset in a reproducible manner,
- include it as a subdataset in your own DataLad dataset,
- use https://github.com/datalad/datalad-fuse/ to FUSE mount individual dandisets you cloned locally so that files content is made transparently streamed to your DANDI/DataLad unaware tools,
- etc.

> Learn more about DataLad from its handbook at https://handbook.datalad.org/ .

Author: ah, then we need to do similar above... will do
